README.md, before:

<img width="1512" alt="builder-screenshot" src="https://github.com/webstudio-is/.github/blob/main/assets/builder-screenshot.png?raw=true">
<br /><br />

<section align="center">
  Webstudio is an Open Source Visual Development Platform for developers, designers, and cross-functional teams. You own the data, components, and infrastructure. You can use the hosted version or roll out your own.
</section>
<br /><br />

## Learning Resources

- [Blog](https://webstudio.is/blog)
- [Documentation](https://docs.webstudio.is/)
- [Brand and Product Design](https://docs.webstudio.is/contributing/contributing-for-designers)
- [Contributing Guide for Devs](https://docs.webstudio.is/contributing/contributing-for-developers)
- [Github Discussions](https://github.com/webstudio-is/webstudio-community/discussions)
- [Wishlist](https://github.com/webstudio-is/webstudio-community/discussions/categories/wishlist)
- [Builder Issues Tracker](https://github.com/webstudio-is/webstudio/issues)
- [Roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/webstudio-is/projects/11)

## Social Media

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/getwebstudio)
- [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/@getwebstudio)
- [Discord](https://wstd.us/community)

## Thanks

<a href="https://www.lost-pixel.com/"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29632358/168112844-77e76a0d-b96f-4bc8-b753-cd39f4afd428.png" width="50" height="50" alt="Lost Pixel" /></a>

Thanks to [Lost Pixel](https://www.lost-pixel.com/) for providing the visual testing platform that helps us review UI changes and catch visual regressions.

## Running Locally

1. Install [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) and Node.js 20.
2. Run `pnpm install` in the project root.
3. Start the development server with `pnpm dev`.
4. Open `http://localhost:5173` in your browser.
5. Click **Dev Login** on the login screen. No secret is required unless you set the optional `AUTH_SECRET` environment variable.

## License

This project is released under the [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

chore: remove zip with secrets and ignore env files

README.md, after:

<img width="1512" alt="builder-screenshot" src="https://github.com/webstudio-is/.github/blob/main/assets/builder-screenshot.png?raw=true">
<br /><br />

<section align="center">
  Webstudio is an Open Source Visual Development Platform for developers, designers, and cross-functional teams. You own the data, components, and infrastructure. You can use the hosted version or roll out your own.
</section>
<br /><br />

## Learning Resources

- [Blog](https://webstudio.is/blog)
- [Documentation](https://docs.webstudio.is/)
- [Brand and Product Design](https://docs.webstudio.is/contributing/contributing-for-designers)
- [Contributing Guide for Devs](https://docs.webstudio.is/contributing/contributing-for-developers)
- [Github Discussions](https://github.com/webstudio-is/webstudio-community/discussions)
- [Wishlist](https://github.com/webstudio-is/webstudio-community/discussions/categories/wishlist)
- [Builder Issues Tracker](https://github.com/webstudio-is/webstudio/issues)
- [Roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/webstudio-is/projects/11)

## Social Media

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/getwebstudio)
- [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/@getwebstudio)
- [Discord](https://wstd.us/community)

## Thanks

<a href="https://www.lost-pixel.com/"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29632358/168112844-77e76a0d-b96f-4bc8-b753-cd39f4afd428.png" width="50" height="50" alt="Lost Pixel" /></a>

Thanks to [Lost Pixel](https://www.lost-pixel.com/) for providing the visual testing platform that helps us review UI changes and catch visual regressions.

## Running Locally

1. Install [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/) and Node.js 20.
2. Run `pnpm install` in the project root.
3. Start the development server with `pnpm dev`.
4. Open `http://localhost:5173` in your browser.
5. Click **Dev Login** on the login screen. No secret is required unless you set the optional `AUTH_SECRET` environment variable.

### Usage

After starting the dev server with `pnpm dev` you can immediately try the builder by visiting `http://localhost:5173` and clicking **Dev Login**. No API keys or additional setup are needed.

## License

This project is released under the [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE) license.
